Tx metadata schema documentation (#1911)
input-output-hk/cardano-node: doc/reference/tx-metadata.md

# Transaction Metadata

Transaction metadata gives us the ability to put arbitrarily structured data onto the chain. The metadata is not involved in transaction validation and is intended to be consumed by applications (i.e is application specific). It is only metadata from the point of view that it is carried along with transactions. The metadata value is kept outside the transaction body but the metadata hash is in the transaction body allowing for integrity checking and authentication of the metadata.

## Metadata Schemas/Mappings/Formats

> There are two metadata JSON mappings. The commonality between the metadata JSON mappings is a top level JSON object indexed by integers which are mapped to various JSON values.
> 
> Metadata can also be encoded as CBOR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the chain, within transactions, the metadata is encoded as CBOR. When
building transactions the metadata can be supplied as pre-encoded CBOR.

Alternatively, metadata can be supplied as JSON which will be converted
into the internal format. We provide two different mappings between tx
metadata and JSON, useful for different purposes.

In both schemes, the top level JSON is an object indexed by integers which
are mapped to JSON values.
```
